NC-2203: Document retry and retry interval for turnstile (#6639)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/turnstile/get-started/client-side-rendering.md

| `response-field` | `data-response-field` | A boolean that controls if an input element with the response token is created, defaults to `true`. |
| `response-field-name` | `data-response-field-name` | Name of the input element, defaults to `cf-turnstile-response`. |
| `size` | `data-size` | The widget size. Can take the following values: `normal`, `compact`. |
| `retry` | `data-retry` | Controls whether the widget should automatically retry to obtain a token if it did not succeed. The default is `auto`, which will retry automatically. This can be set to `never` to disable retry upon failure. |

> | `retry-interval` | `data-retry-interval` | When retry is set to `auto`, `retry-interval` controls the time between retry-attempts in milliseconds. The default value is `8000`, Values must be positive numeric integers, less than `900000`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retry-interval` | `data-retry-interval` | When `retry` is set to `auto`, `retry-interval` controls the time between retry attempts in milliseconds. Value must be a positive integer less than `900000`, defaults to `8000`. |
```
